well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so it's election day election day 2020
red versus blue donkey versus elephant
democrat versus republican
democracy versus whatever trump
represents
walking into this it is joe biden's
presidency to lose
he is significantly favored in the polls
um
trump only has like a 10 shot of winning
and because of that there is absolutely
no apprehension at all about today right
no people are worried of course they are
because tru
president trump has uh
made it through a lot of stuff
politically that realistically
shouldn't have so with trump a 10
shot is substantial
it's something to be concerned about
gop strategists say that he needs ohio
north carolina and florida to win
if biden gets one of those states
trump's kind of out of the game
for biden's part he doesn't actually
need any of them
to win he needs pennsylvania if he gets
pennsylvania
and the reliably blue states stay blue
he's going to win doesn't mean he's
going to win in big enough numbers
to send a message but it means he's he's
probably going to win
the problem there is that pennsylvania
well their results may not be back today
the media is doing a really really good
job of reminding everybody that because
of the
high amount of melon voting it's
unlikely
that we're going to have a really good
exact count today
okay they're also doing a good job
of reminding people to stay in line when
the polls
close now the reason the media is
telling everybody hey
it's not over till it's over is because
the reports suggesting that president
trump is going to claim victory early
and just see if people will go with it
that shouldn't come as a surprise he's
made stuff up for four years
he's going to continue to make stuff up
that shouldn't be a surprise
ignore it ignore him
wait for the votes to be counted
something i don't think they're doing a
good job of
preparing people for is because
trump kind of casts doubt on absentee
voting on melon voting
his supporters probably didn't use it as
much
which means let's say here in florida
let's say they count the melon votes
first
those numbers come out early it's going
to look like biden swept the state
because it is likely that more democrats
used male in voting then
as the in-person voting starts getting
tabulated
it will trend republican that doesn't
mean
that something weird has happened it
doesn't mean
the election's been undermined that's
expected
the opposite is true too in areas where
they're going to
count the in-person vote first
and then the melon votes it may appear
that trump's winning
when he ends up losing by a pretty big
margin
because the melon votes come in later we
need to be ready for that
don't panic
that is something that is highly likely
to occur
at the end of the day this is a
referendum on trump
that's what it is and we're gonna see
how it plays out
i will be live streaming later and we'll
even though we won't have a uh
an exact count on who wins by the end of
today more than likely
we should have a good idea on how it's
going
so i'll start live streaming later this
evening
and go until i don't know the batteries
die or whatever
and we'll just see how it plays out
we'll see what happens
at the end of the day
we've talked about how there's the great
man theory
that leaders are held up when history is
talked about this happened because of
president trump
this happened because of obama whatever
it's not how it works not in real life
it happens because of the average people
the people that don't get mentioned in
history books
regardless of what occurs in this
election
it's up to us if trump wins
it's up to us to keep his uh
authoritarian streak in check
to to push our representatives to keep
him in check
if biden wins it's up to us to motivate
him
to move in the right direction
voting is
not not the end it's the beginning
especially if biden wins if biden wins
it's the beginning because we have a lot
of damage to undo
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day